docs: document GCP Batch infrastructure retry for Fusion Snapshots (#1640)
seqeralabs/docs: fusion_docs/guide/snapshots/configuration.md

| Exit code | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| 50001 | Spot instance was reclaimed |
| 50002 | VM became unresponsive (host event or crash) |
| 50003 | VM unexpectedly rebooted during task execution |
| 50004 | Task reached the unresponsive time limit and could not be cancelled |
| 50005 | Task exceeded the maximum allowed runtime |

Exit codes `50006`–`59999` indicate other infrastructure failures.

By default, Google Batch retries only exit code `50001` (Spot reclamation), and only when `google.batch.maxSpotAttempts` is greater than `0`. When Fusion Snapshots are enabled, Nextflow sets `maxSpotAttempts` to a non-zero value automatically, and Google Batch retries `50001` without extra configuration. By default, Google Batch does not retry other infrastructure exit codes. On Spot-based runs, this can cause high failure rates.

To retry additional infrastructure exit codes, extend `google.batch.autoRetryExitCodes` and keep `maxSpotAttempts` greater than `0`:

```groovy
google.batch.maxSpotAttempts = 5
google.batch.autoRetryExitCodes = [50001, 50002, 50003]
```

> Google Batch runs these retries on a new instance. This lets a Fusion snapshot restore after the interruption. Add codes from the `50006`–`59999` range if you consistently observe transient infrastructure failures. Avoid retrying `50004` and `50005`. A task that reached a time or runtime limit fails again on retry.

Reviewer: a new instance that is the same type as originally used

> Google Batch runs these retries on a new instance. This lets a Fusion snapshot restore after the interruption. Add codes from the `50006`–`59999` range if you consistently observe transient infrastructure failures. Avoid retrying `50004` and `50005`. A task that reached a time or runtime limit fails again on retry.

Author: ```suggestion
Google Batch runs these retries on a new instance that is the same type as originally used. This allows a Fusion snapshot to be restored after the interruption. Add codes from the `50006`–`59999` range if you consistently observe transient infrastructure failures. Avoid retrying `50004` and `50005`. A task that reached a time or runtime limit fails again on retry.
```
